Our robo friends are looking really really nice.
I really like this up there is one issue though.
If I minimize this OK it's responsive it looks good but if I scroll down well I lose my search bar at
the top.
Would it be nice if this was at the top and I have a scroll that I can do and still search to my friends.
Well you might be thinking well there's probably a CSSA style that I can add here but I want to illustrate
to you the fact that react and why react to so good is because you can create components that are were
usable not just car components but functionality.
Would it be cool if there was maybe something where we can add around card lists.
Maybe I can create a scroll component and this scroll component just wraps the cardless.
And now cardless will be completely scrollable.
But now I can use scroll this component anywhere in my app any time I need scrolling I can just wrap
it around.
Can we do this.
Let's give it a try.
I'm going to import a component that we don't have yet.
That's called scroll from a file that will create in just the second as create a new file.
We'll call that scroll.
Yes J.S. and here will again go through the motion of re-act from re-act.
Make this a little bit bigger.
And again I want to change this to Babbo and we'll say Konst scroll.
He calls it's going to return from what should have returned.
Before we talk about that just so we don't forget we have to export default skirl.
Now here's a problem we want to return something but it doesn't make sense does it.
If I go to opt out.
Yes.
Scroll.
It's not a self closing component it wraps components.
So how can we tell scroll to hey just render whatever's inside of you
up to this point.
We've learned about props and we've learned about state.
There's one or the thing and react that I want to teach you and that is children and children is this
scrawl can use children as a way to render its children.
What do I mean by that.
Well in here every profs object has children.
So if I go prop's thought children well let's see what happens.
I save and go back everything's render but if I remove this and I just do and H-1
I just get this you see Propst our children is exactly that.
If I Konsole don't log props
Let's open up the console.
I see that I get an object.
And even though I am pass any props to scroll automatically every single component in Bre-X has this
property children and this children a kind of confusing here but has card list type cardless
So using this Propst start children we can create components that wrap other components up to this point.
We were only able to wrap these lower case components which are kind of like the ASTM tags.
But every time we had a custom component with a capital letter that we built well we couldn't really
wrap it.
Now we can using this thought children.
But here's the cool part.
Using props to our children.
Well I can create a scrollable component Let me show you how simply do def clothes that div and end
here began curly brackets prop's dot children and all we need now is to add styles to this div I could
create a scroll dot CSSA file and add a style so that scrollable but I want to show you another way
which is using stuff.
Just like an HMO.
Using this style attribute an GSX I can add styles but using double curly brackets that is.
This is a javascript expression and within this I'm returning an object and this object can have CSSA
else such as a property overflow.
Why.
Which is a CSSA property and this you can say scroll.
Again a CSSA way to make the element scrollable will save border is one pixel solid block and finally
will give it a height of 500 pixels going to make the smaller so you can see I'm going to save compiling
is fine.
If I go back it looks like we have a box here.
Let's make it a little bit bigger just so you can see and say 5 pixels even though it's ugly.
And I forgot a 10 here right.
All right let's see that we have a scrollable component.
Let's make this a little bit bigger just so we can see a better look at that.
If I make the smaller I now have a scrollbar component side of this.
Very cool.
Now this is a simple WAP.
It allows you to search.
It allows you to scroll but it does show the power of Riette doesn't it.
We've created these simple functions and the only thing that we tell it to do is well we tell it what
state it has the entire app is described through these two things.
The robots and search field and re-act takes care of the rest as soon as search field or robot changes
react trickles down.
All this information as props to all these components and magically creates our view for us.
That's why react is so powerful it's a view layer.
It takes care of manipulating the DOM and all we tell it is hey what's the state.
What are the functions that you wanted to work with the state and the rest.
Well it optimizes to make sure that everything is super fast and you can see how amazingly fast everything
is here.
It's a super snappy app and these components are now reusable.
I can bring search box now into a another part of the web site I can add scrolling to another part of
the Web site.
This is what made react so powerful and this is why so many Web sites are powered by re-act.
Once you learn the syntax and you get used to everything that's when re-act truly becomes powerful.
And although we took a bit of time to create the sap once you get used to it and applied this you can
create it in what less than an hour probably 30 minutes.
All right I think we've done a great job here.
Can't wait to see you in the next video.